c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\bin\x86\Windows Phone\App.xbf
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\bin\x86\Windows Phone\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\bin\x86\Windows Phone\DemoMvvm.xr.xml
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\bin\x86\Windows Phone\DemoMvvm.exe
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\bin\x86\Windows Phone\DemoMvvm.pdb
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\bin\x86\Windows Phone\resources.pri
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\bin\x86\Windows Phone\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\bin\x86\Windows Phone\DemoMvvm.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\App.g.cs
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\App.xaml
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\App.xbf
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\DemoMvvm.exe
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\DemoMvvm.pdb
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\priconfig.xml
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\layout.resfiles
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\resources.resfiles
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\pri.resfiles
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\josemanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoMvvm\DemoMvvm\obj\x86\Windows Phone\ProjectArchitectures.txt
